# Personal CV Site with automatic Latex pdf compilation.

This is my personal site build using **Jekyll**.  It makes heavy use of
the `_Collections_` feature of Jekyll to organize the various
components of a standard resume in a reusable way.
The `jekyll-pdf-generator` plugin renders and compiles a .tex template of the
CV portion of the site and compiles it using pdflatex to output
a pdf file that the final site can link to.

The goal is to write content once, and have both an html and a cleanly
formatted LaTex pdf version of my resume.  Whenever new content needs to be
added such as a job, project, eduction, or paper, it can simply be added
as a new markdown file and it will be automatically compiled into the
static html site as well as the pdf.

Different versions of a CV can be generated by picking content based on
custom variables such as 'category => 'teaching''.


## Developing

Since github only builds Jekyll sites in 'safe' mode, the site has to be build
locally to generate the pdf. Ensure that `pdflatex` is installed,
as the site requires compilation of LaTex files.

To update content:

1. Checkout the branch `working-source` then checkout a feature branch off of it.

2. Make content changes.
    1. To add a new piece of content to a category (for example, a paper), create a new `.md` file in the folder `_{category}`, following the format of a [data file](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/datafiles/).


3. Open PR proposing merge into `working-source` branch, **not into master**.

4. Once your changes are merged into the `working-source` branch run `rake`,
which will run Jekyll to make the site, then merge the contents of `/site` into master.


---

##TODO

* work on layout of teaching section

* add graphics to the math portion.

* Search for and add page about generalized permutohedra.
